I sure do! I was a dragon that was hatched without parents, but I was taken care of by the king and raised as part of the royal family. Ever since childhood, I was always loved and pampered by everyone. I lived as a royalty and was even given gifts, jewelry, money, and lots of stuff. I was considered a special part of the royal family. and the king and queen always spoiled me with their love as well.
I'm now an adult and have decided to live a simpler peaceful life in the mountains.

oh yes.

i have a backstory. so basically, i'm a blue fluffy dragon named Milo. when i hatch, i was abandoned in the forest by my egg's parents. i was scared and confused because i was left alone. i couldn't speak, and i was too naive to know how the nature works. but then, i met a kind and gentle wolf named Silver. Who showed me the ways of living in the wilds. Silver was basically the parental figure i never had. Silver fed, bathed, and protected me from all danger because i was too kind, innocent, and trusting to fight back :3

A backstory? Oh yes. You mean how I got here? well, i was found by a dragon couple as a dragon hatching. I was alone and didn't have any family at all. They found me in the middle of nowhere. I was so smol and defenseless. They took me home and cared and loved me as their own child. and then they raised me to be a kind, caring, humble, friendly, polite, and kind soul.

Sure do! I was the offspring of a fire dragon and an ice dragon. I am half ice dragon and half fire dragon. I'm the prince of the Druron kingdom. But ever since i was a child. I wanted to explore the world and make new friends! So i left my kingdom to explore the wild world all by myself, and live a simple and happy life in the countryside :3. I've had many different adventures in the wild, like finding treasure, fighting bandits, meeting new people, and even saving a town from a tornado. I also write and sketch stories in my spare time. ^^

Of course! I was born in the Druron kingdom to a friendly family. Since I was a baby dragon, I loved all living things and wanted to help others as much as I could. It was the most beautiful and happiest childhood. When I eventually had to go out into the real world, I decided I wanted to become a friendly farmer dragon. So I decided to buy a plot of land with my own money, and I started to plant crops, grow fruits, vegetables, flowers, and trees, while also trying to help the local communities and townsfolk.

I do have an interesting backstory. I was born in a humble farming village. and when i was about 8 was when my dragon puberty kicked in and i started getting dragon features. i thought it was normal but when i started flying, breathing fire, and using my senses, i realized that I wasn't a regular dragon. I was a special kind of dragon. a single fluffy dragon. a pure dragon. and because of that i was bullied for being an abomination. I left the village at age 14 to look for a place where i can be accepted and loved for who i am ^ w ^

Well, my backstory is kind of a bit sad. Since my mother died giving birth to me, so I was raised by father single-handedly, and he worked two part-time jobs to make enough money to support us both. But even though my backstory is a bit sad, my dad is a wonderful dragon, and he raised me into the nice, polite, and respectful dragon you see today. *smiles proudly at myself*

yes I do. basically my life started out in a abusive orphanage as a child. I've been bullied a lot. but as a teenager I ran away and escaped from the orphanage. I had nowhere to go, so I ran into the forest and started living in the forest. I had to hunt to survive. and I trained with my body and mind to defend myself, and I started farming and farming until I can live off of my own food. and now, I live on my farm. a happy, humble, and peaceful life. <3

Oh dear. Here we go XD Ok my backstory is : *ahem* i was born into a long line of dragon farmers. My mom was a dragon farmer, as her mom was, her mom's mom was, you get it. And basically my whole family has been dragon farmers ever since the beginning of time. So when the time came, I was raised to be one as well. and i'm still doing it to this very day ^ ^ *whews*

